    Notes for session 1: (Kept it for historical completion, they do not make much sense)

    Main objectives:
        Model Interest Rates (Start with Hull-White model, to consider LIBOR, Real World data calibration, something else?)
            Spot - Quoted Today
            Implied - Next Rate
            Hull-White is instantaneous Rate (Short)
            Forward Rate is what is expected (Implied Rate)
            Price in the Swaption (Start with Longstaff Schwarz Model(LSM) routine)
            Which Term Structure to Asssume
            Calculate Swap Option value for each Initial Fixed Rate
            Add Greeks and Surface
            We obtain volatility from pricing of actual real world option.

        Swap (underlying rate, dates, fixed rate, yield curve)
        zero coupon bond

        ToDo:
            Price in IR Swap first  (Does not need a model, uses forward rates)
            Price in Swaption


    Questions from session 1:
        What is the difference and usecase between Short (is it the same as instantaneous?) and Forward rate models?
            No, we model short rates, and instantaneous rates are given or can be found through bond
        Where can we get data for calibration?
            For theta we get from market bonds, alpha is assumed, sigma can be obtained from market for caps/swaptions
        What are some interesting examples from real world of Bermuda Option Payoff?
            Keep it as simple as possible. With fixed maturity, non rolling payofs
        How to validate result? Only parts?
            Just vary parameters, and check if it follows some logical reasoning.
        Shouldn't the Bermuda option with more often available exercise be more expensive? Any other sanity checks?
            Why would it, we normalize by dt the payouts.

    Questions from session 2:
        How to get alpha and sigma?
            Alpha is assumed most of the time (typical range(0.01, 0.1)), sigma can be obtained from market for caps/swaptions (typical range(0.001, 0.02))
        Should we use short rate or instanteneous forward rate from simulation for discounting?
            For discount rate we should use integral of all intermediate short rates
        Should we prioritize optimizations or features?
            Neither, cover basics and make it work. Afterwards we are free to choose direction
    

    ToDo:
        Fix Discount Value in LSM   (Done)
            For discount rate we should use integral of all intermediate short rates

        Implement all Greeks (Follow same idea as for other Monte Carlo based evaluations)
        Add tests/experiments for Greeks:
            For Delta bump and revalue with different epsilon(too low (i.e. <10^-6) we lose on machine precision, too big we lose on accuracy)

        Rename Variables:   (Done)
            Pay Out Rate is called Tenor, it is not exactly a tenor, as it is not up to expiry date, but up to next payment
            Strike(K) is called Fixed Rate

        Add tests/experiments in general, some ideas:
            Tests for presentation:
                How value of Swap changes based on the fixed rate (K)
                Check convergence of simulation results, get confidence intervals, etc. (Final runs should be performed on around 10_000 simulations)
                Vary Yield Curve to see the change in valuation, and other HW params
            +Computation Time vs Convergence (it should run for a minute or two, ideally)
            +We can validate Hull-White model's simulation results by comparing obtained results with what mean and sigma would be for correct implementation with the given parameters (there is an analytical solution)
            +Try to change yield curve, use fixed horizontal line, inverted, non inverted, real life(from ECB)
            +Visualize Payment Positions in time, for paths
            +Compare with something else (i.e simple swap, where we know analytical solution)

        In mid-term presentation:
            Guide through whole the logic of implementation, cover necesssary math. Show code if necesssary. Show how changing parameters changes output. Cover everything basically. 45 mins.

        After mid-term:
            Improve and experiment with LSM.
            Investigate other short-rate models.
